OviPositive
1469968892 Anonymous
http://pastebin.com/1NkWG6qh

With an exasperated sigh, Rose Lalonde set down her crystal ball, and leaned against a pink slab of stone. It was very warm to the touch, as was the entire pitch black and steam-filled hallway she was in.

Despite making excellent time, it hadn't been easy getting down there. Tearing apart the eldritch temple looked after by her consorts was simple, but coercing them into sharing where the knowledge she sought wasn't.

With minimal force, she had found success, confronting an aging sage in a small study. He had warily listened to her stern requests, and told her that all she sought was in the deepest parts of the crypts, which cut through rainbow waterways and went deep near the core of the planet, where hot springs flowed and the most ancient of libraries lay dormant.

He had warned her, though, that she'd need to submit to extreme trials if she wished to have what she sought with so little effort. Rose ignored the warning, and went on her way, leaving her loyal consort Salamancer behind to be cared for.

It had been too exhausting and risky to rip open the earth itself to get at a treasure this deep, threatening to flood the hidden pockets she wished to dive into. So she had trucked it on foot, boring through stone and rushing down wet stairs, destroying the occasional minion.

It had grown almost unbearably warm and damp, though. The young necromancer had already captchalogued her shoes and socks, leaving her barefoot. Rubbing her black-painted toes, Lalonde sighed once more and began to adjust herself. The steam and heat of the walls made everything very wet, making her wish she had more suitable clothing on hand.

Pursing her lips, and mindful of the time, she opted for comfort. It was dark and steamy enough to render her nearly invisible to any prying eyes, she reasoned. First, she loosed the pink band about her waist, letting the dark robe go slack. She writhed her shoulders and bent her arms, pulling the collar so it stretched wide, pushing it down to her waist. Her upper body was exposed, revealing the pink shirt she wore underneath. It was incredibly tight and thin, making no secret of her braless chest. Her two pert, torpedo-shaped tits were plainly visible through the damp pink fabric, which clung to her skin wetly. She may as well have been wearing paint for all the coverage it afforded her, but it was vastly more comfortable to have the air on her skin.

She swore, Kanaya had made the shirt tight on purpose. She stared for a second in fascination at her lewd appearance, poking at one of her large nipples; her tits might have been small, but the nubs resting on top of them certainly weren't.

Realizing what she was doing, Rose shook her head and tsk'd. The hot air was dulling her brain; she knew it was no time to fondle herself like a hormone-addled sensualist. Instead, she summoned forth her compact and hair brush, and looked at herself in it, redoing her lips and eyes, and brushing her damp hair back into place. She didn't have time to play with herself to calm down, but she damn well had time for the habit of making herself look good. Smacking her black lips, she put on the finishing touches, and started to make her way back down the hall.

Rose raised the orb high for light, her feet splashing in puddles, as she stared at the rivulets of water trailing down the walls, forming steam clouds that obscured her vision. The black robe sagged with water, outlining the shape of her legs and the sway of her hips as she walked.

The Seer successfully ignored her slowly hardening nipples, exhaling as her face flushed pink. Inwardly, she allowed a curse. The conditions she was in reminded her strongly of the hot showers she loved to take, which was also when she masturbated; her body was responding to the heat, quietly begging for attention.

Her steps slowed as she grit her teeth, angry that she was actually horny enough to let it affect her usual careful thinking. She debated trying to get off to have it over with quickly, but stubborn pride won, and she simply kept marching forth, doing her best to ignore how damp the air and her robe had made her panties, making each step a reminder as they rode up between her lips.

Just when she was starting to feel frustrated enough to want to do something about it, Rose stumbled, going shin-deep into a surge of hot water. Paying closer attention to her surroundings, she waved the steam away and observed that the passage had opened up into a misty cavern of water. Hot springs surged forth all about in a melodious fashion, and scant rays of rainbow light came down from gems and moss growing in the ceiling.

It was quite beautiful, she had to admit. The walls of the cave were inscribed with mystic runes, seeming to detail the civilization of the consorts of her Land, and strange rituals she couldn't make immediate sense of, all seeming to revolve around egg-shaped objects. She was obviously someplace sacred to the turtles, not that she particularly cared.

Sloshing into the waters, Rose hiked up her robe, savoring the intense heat all around her as she waded knee-deep into the warm lake. Judging by the depth she was at, she had to be close to the crypts she sought. She was thankful for the more open and fresh air; the heat was enough to make her head spin, and edge dangerously close to hedonistic thoughts. Every surge of hot water that kissed against her thighs didn't help, nor did her outfit and makeup giving her the image of an eager bathhouse solicitor.

Flexing her legs as she pushed on, Rose let go of the nagging heat inside of her and fixated on the far end of the cavern. She spotted a large set of stairs that seemed to dip downwards, and moved to go descend them. As she neared the walls, she almost fell right into a drop in the lake floor, down into a swirling pool. She barely managed to catch herself, hands thrusting out to grab onto a slippery rock to hold herself steady, legs spread wide over the drop as one foot stepped onto a jutting step-stone.

Making a noise of disgust, Rose cursed the cavern for making her so sloppy and dense. She summoned forth the dark Thorns, intent on simply floating across the waters.

But the second the Thorns were in her free hand, the waters underneath her rippled and surged, as a small geyser of water shot up, directly between her spread legs.

The Seer didn't quite shout -- the sensation of hot water jetting directly against her mound provoked more of a surprised yelp, or, if she wanted to be honest with herself, a short, screaming moan. Her legs buckled as the flow pushed against her, and the Thorns slipped from her grasp, vanishing into the dark pool. She didn't dare let go lest she slip and fall against the rocks, forcing her to stand and let the hot waters gush against her. If not for her panties, the flow might have gone inside of her. The heat and force was still enough to induce an unexpected and stomach-wrenching orgasm.

It stopped quickly, leaving Rose with clenched teeth, drool dripping over her quivering black lips. Her thighs spasmed as she regained control; breathing unsteadily, she pulled her legs together and whimpered as she leaned against a stable rock. She didn't dare touch herself for fear of coming again, and could only rock her hips back and forth gently as she savored the afterglow.

Swallowing, the young woman looked at the pool in accusation, and swore to herself at the clumsy loss of her precious weapon. She would need to get it back right away. Still weak in the legs, Rose slowly slogged from the pool to try to regain her composure.

Muddled from the heat and her orgasm, she didn't notice the hulking shadow that had been observing her since she walked over the pool, and backed right into it. Rose whipped around in shock, but started to fall over, her footing lost. To her surprise her supposed assailant caught her; two huge arms of bulging fuchsian muscle caught her up and lifted her without effort out of the water.

Panic set in, and she raised a fist to fight back; but sensing no hostility, the Seer instead cleared her eyes and observed.

The two huge arms cradled her, attached to the body of a truly massive consort, easily taller than she was. It appeared to be some kind of dark colored turtle with draconic and humanoid features, back adorned by a glittering shell with gem-like spikes, which protected a powerful body of rocky muscle. It had the face of a dragon more than a turtle, and looked at her with dimwitted, but kind eyes. One claw reached up to brush away a strand of stray hair.

Rose licked her lips nervously; she didn't expect to meet a consort like this, much less unarmed and so compromised. Yet, it didn't appear hostile to her, for which she was grateful. She carefully didn't admit to herself that the sensation of being so easily lifted by the creature's strength was an elating. Lacking ideas, she swallowed, and tried diplomacy.

"Hello there. Thank you for catching me before I suffered an embarrassing fall. If you could set me down, I need help retri-- hey. Oh! Nhhhn."

The draconic consort grumbled pleasantly when she spoke, and began to stride across the cavern purposefully. Rose's legs ended up straddling one huge arm, silencing her with a panicked look; still sensitive from her surprise earlier, she found it hard to articulate anything when a bulging bicep was rubbing against her inner thighs. The Seer was growing flush with heat again, her body traitorously refusing to be calm after such a sudden release.

"L-listen. I n-need to get to the crypts beneath here. Pl-please just put me down and..."

Her train of thought was lost when she was set down in the center of a rocky outcroppings, onto a bed of warm, slimy, rainbow colored moss. Rose looked up, seeing a statue erected above the wet bed. Her eyes went wide with thrilled horror as she observed the monument;

It looked for all the world like a beautiful, well endowed woman holding onto a large egg. Rose's legs, spread wide apart, slowly slid closed as she felt a knot form in the pit of her stomach. She looked back to the hulking reptilian hybrid, as it slowly clambered onto the bed with her.

"Oh. Oh, oh no. No no no no... you mustn't. Just, wait."

The consort slowed and stopped, placing both hands down at either side of her body. Rose's breath quickened, her tits heaving as they pointed up proudly, each nipple rock hard and pleading for attention. She felt her legs slowly spread again; the young woman turned her head away as she considered what she was doing.

She needed to get into that crypt. She had been told there'd be a price. She was now helpless without her Thorns, and needed aid to get them back safely. Her logical side reasoned that this was the quickest and most fair trade to get what she wanted.

Of course, the hormone-drenched side of her mind, painted dark with lust, was telling her she wanted this badly. Rose had never been terribly interested in men to be sure, but one fantasy that had always aroused her xenophilic mind was the thought of being taken by a monstrous beast. And here she was now, on an altar of physical submission seemingly designed just for her, with a freakishly muscle-bound dragon-thing ready to have its way with her.

She was nearly hyperventilating. Her tongue wouldn't stop tracing against her pouting lips, and her legs were already pushed open so wide that they ached. The consort loomed overhead, hot drool leaking from its sharp teeth, eyes taking her in with a primordial kind of need.

Rose closed her eyes and squirmed a little, before she looked up. She nodded, frantically.

"F-fine. Do it. Do it! I consent; fuck me!"

The hybrid monster groaned loudly. There was a wet and vile sound from between its hunched legs, and Rose yelped as something heavy slapped down inches from her throbbing pussy. Daring to look, she saw a huge and misshapen organ, fat and bloated save for the tip, which was much thinner. She stared in fascination, and wondered how she could possibly couple with the beast without it killing her.

She felt it grasp her robe, and she screeched as it tore it to shreds, pulling her body up and letting it fall back down into the slime bed, making her ass slap wetly. Not wasting time, it grabbed her drenched panties and pulled, forcing them up into her slit. Rose stuttered a moan when the fabric started to scrape against her engorged clit, and she fell back down again when the bands finally snapped.

That was it. Lit by the rainbow glow of the moss, skin shiny with slime, Rose Lalonde spread her legs and was now utterly at the mercy of the consort. All that was left was the flimsy pink shirt she wore, now transparent against her wet skin. She began to fondle her nipples through the silky fabric, black lips pursed as she sucked in air in anticipation of penetration.

There was a pause, as the dragon-turtle looked down at her, and slowly leaned over to the statue's egg. It took the girl's cum-soaked panties, and rubbed them against the orb messily, and then did the same with some of its own precum, before finally slapping a handful of water on.

The statue changed color, shifting from a dull gray to a brilliant pink, as the ritual of mating began.

Rose, still occupied with her breasts, nearly threw herself off the mossy bed as she felt a spasm of fire rocket up her loins, and right into her womb. She felt a burning cramp of pain that quickly subsided into a throbbing heat. The horny Seer grunted as she pressed her hands between her legs, and curled up as the spasms continued. She could feel something changing inside of her, but had no idea what.

The consort waited patiently, until the orb dulled to a blushed pink. It then growled, and grabbed the legs of the young woman, forcing them wide open. Rose screamed, slapping her hands down and thrusting her chest up. Her entire body was on fire, aroused beyond what she thought possible. Drool spilled onto her bare stomach; she moaned in helpless desire as the snaking tip of the hulking turtle pressed against her red and swollen lips. Her clit, nearly an inch with arousal, stuck out needfully.

It was happening. Though she had put plenty of things inside of herself before, Rose had never been fucked by someone else. Her virginity would be given to the monstrous beast that towered above her.

The tip pushed in slowly; for all its aggression, the consort was not cruel. Rose let out a soft cry as she felt it penetrate her, worming its way in. The incredible girth pressed in slowly, struggling to slip past her engorged labia, and then into the tight confines beyond. Rose clenched her teeth and felt the air go out of her as she stared down, and watched her pussy expand impossibly wide to take the beast's size, going dark red as it throbbed madly. She couldn't think rationally, unable to comprehend through her lust how she was taking the turtle's fist-thick cock without being split open, much less enjoying every inch forced inside.

It wasn't long before it bottomed out, crammed into her distended pussy, the tip grinding hard against her cervix. Eyes closed and mouth wide open, Rose leaned back and pressed a hand down, feeling the huge reptilian cock squirming inside of her.

She let out an echoing scream as an orgasm took her by force. Her hips bucked madly, but the freakish organ was too big, trapped inside of her, leaving her stuck to the monster as she came. Her body seized up, and if anyone could see them from behind, they'd only observe two slender and pale legs thrashing against the sides of the dark colored monster.

Her orgasm lasted nearly a minute. Panting, Rose bent her head up and looked, staring with aroused fascination at the throbbing bulge outlined through her stomach. She could feel every inch of her insides being distended and filled, without a hint of pain beyond a dull throb. She rubbed the organ hard through her stomach, eager to keep going.

The consort took the hint, and suddenly pressed its weight down, forcing Rose to gasp as the air was stolen from her lungs. The beast pulled up, taking Rose's hips with it, and then pushed back down. Rose swore loudly, grabbing handfuls of slime and smearing them all over her tits. The turtle, ever-patient, held Rose down this time as it pulled. Rose stopped and tensed up right away, eyes rolling back as she felt the beast's girth begin to come out of her. She felt as though she were giving birth to the awful thing, and fell victim to another orgasm when it was halfway out.

She came to a few moments later, shaken and sweaty, and experienced a new sensation. The consort appeared to be coming inside of her, but not with force; she could feel its cock throbbing, the hard tip squirting out a small stream of hot fluid. It filled her slowly, and the Seer relaxed, letting watery mist spray her face as she savored the ache in her stomach. Part of her wondered if it was all over.

The answer came when she felt a spasm inside of her. It was small, but steady, and a moment of thought told her it was her cervix, reacting to the fluids being ejaculated against it. The young woman opened her mouth to speak, but was cut off when the consort suddenly leaned up and pushed into her again. Rose groaned and bit down, gripping the muscular arms. The two embraced as it made its way back inside of her... and when the tip bottomed out, she felt something.

Her cervix felt strange, weirdly warm and swollen, but without pain. The hard tip rubbed against it, sending a trill into her body, making her squirm and cry out.

When she felt the tip start to slowly penetrate her cervix, true panic overtook her, along with a smaller orgasm. Her mind was starting to blank out from sensory overload, and she pleaded with herself to ask how any of this was possible. Panic was shattered by need, though, when the tip popped through the tight ring of muscle, and ejaculated hot cum directly into her womb.

Rose couldn't even scream. The sensation was too much, and all she could manage was a noiseless exhale of air. It was inside of her, as deep as it could go. What the greedy Seer had not counted on, in her lust, was that she'd have to do more than just sexually service the beast.

The ritual was almost over. Taking care to hold on, the dragon-turtle began to audibly groan, thrusting in harder, forcing the tip to push against the back of Lalonde's womb, sending her into a mind-numbing series of orgasms. Tears rolled down her cheeks, stained black by mascara, as drool poured ceaselessly past her clenched teeth. With her eyes rolling back into her head, Rose held on for dear life.

She only started to scream again when she felt the first egg make its way down the beast's ovipositor, making her pussy bulge obscenely as it muscled through. A small bump had already appeared below her navel, where the hot fluid gushed into her rapidly swelling womb. She almost passed out as the egg forced past her cervix, and then was laid inside of her securely.

The pleasure was beyond her reckoning. Protected by spells of fertility and breeding, Rose's body forced her to experience every sensation without the pain, cracking her mind with the sheer intensity of the fucking. No amount of masturbation could have steeled her for this.

When the second egg entered her, her mind and body finally gave out from the overload of sensations. She continued to spasm and groan as the eggs poured into her, her womb bulging with cum.

When the breeder consort was done, it pulled out slowly, its girth shrinking. There was a wet sucking noise as it popped out, followed by a loud squelch as the girl's pussy ejaculated a watery spray of cum. It did so several times, until it finally settled down, her clit pulsing up and down in orgasm.

Rose woke much later, groaning, her entire body warm and achey. She rolled onto her side and pressed a hand to her stomach, feeling its size; she easily looked 9 months pregnant now, and she could feel the heat in her womb as the eggs pushed around. She could hardly believe what had happened.

Pushing herself up, the Seer cringed at her aching body. Swallowing hard, she looked around, and found the consort nowhere to be seen. However, lying next to her were two vital things; her recovered Thorns, and a soft white robe.

Shucking off her ruined shirt, Rose threw the robe on, and took the Thorns. For a long moment, she considered their use in purging her body of the eggs inside of her.

But after a pause, she reconsidered. There was no damage, and no pain, and she had consented to what had happened. She also admitted that the intense heat inside of her egg-impregnated womb felt... good. Rose sighed. Hopefully the eggs would come out soon. There was NO way she could explain this to the other three.

Walking slowly, holding her stomach carefully through the robe, Rose made her way to the edge of the cavern again near the stairs. She pulled the hood of her new robe up and sighed. But no sooner did she take a step, when she felt a flower of heat bloom in her stomach. Gasping, she pressed a hand to her mouth, and squatted down.

Something wanted to come out. She felt her cervix swell, and braced for pain -- but nothing hurt. The spells put on her seemed to want her to enjoy this. After a brief pause, Rose reached under her robe, and carefully grasped her still-erect clit, masturbating it.

Cooing softly, the Seer felt her pussy swell. She leaned her head back and cried out as she came again, as her cervix opened. An egg pushed out, along with a hot gush of fluid, which quickly forced its way out. Grunting, Rose spread her abused lips, and made a happy sound as she gave birth to the fist-sized, prismatic-colored orb. It plopped down into the hot waters, and glowed brightly, ready to hatch.

Wiping her brow, Rose stood up, and regarded the egg fondly. She left it where it was, and moved on to the stairs of the crypt, her black lips curled into a contented smile. She had so many more inside of her ready to come out, when the time was right.